Name:- Yash Kalvani.

The controls used in the programs are as follows:
1. JButtons - User can find the JButtons almost everywhere in the code but mostly in the left side, where a user can buy or sell crypto and on the right side where a user can log in after clicking on Wallet.
2. JComboBox - User can find JComboBox just below the file, which helps user to find the current prices of all the crypto market.  
3. JMenu - User can find menu on top left side whic is names as file. once clicked on file it has a option to exit the program and a submenu
4. JTextArea - I have used JTextArea that will display a plain text. I have used this to take a review from user about the program.
5. JLabel-  I have used JLabel to basically create a new label with the image on it. 
6. JRadio button : I have used the JRadio Button as to take ratings from the user how evil my program really was. 



The main idea of the project was to make a cryptocurrency app in which a user can buy or sell his/her assets. 



After running the program we will see a crypto market app in which on the left side a user can buy/sell cryptocurrency. It is not in order, I have done it intentionally to make the user confuse. on top there ais a menu named file.
As soon as the user clicks on the  file Exit and sub menu options will show up. I have added a JCombobox in which if the user just hovers over there he/she will be able to see the current prices of the cryptos which btw never change
so the user will not know the current price and will be difficult for the user to buy or sell. In the middle there is a graph of Crypto as it is there in many cryptocurrency apps. On the right side, if a user wants to check 
his/her wallet, he or she can simply click on wallet, now to show my evilness I have made it like that, that if user doesn't put anything in Username and password field, he/she will be able to sign in, basically no security for a user.
Then, on the bottom side I have added a review text area field and J Radio Buttons to take review from the user about the app. 


There is no security and I have made it so difficult for the user by changing the colors of all the buttons and also everytime a user opens app the color of the backgroung will change. 
The user sometimes have to click so many times on some popups which makes the user want tro close the app. 

When the user really wants to close the app he/she can simply go to the top right corner and close the program after clicking X. Or, the can also go to the file menu and choose exit. 

I would like to add my name to the list of evil programmers.